document things that are useful to know for using tinkr (#44)
ropensci/tinkr: README.Rmd

rmd$head(21)
```

> ## Background / pre-requisites

Reviewer: I think this needs to be linked on line 26 so that people who are completely lost will know where to go.

If you are not closely following one of the examples provided, what background knowledge do you need before using tinkr?

* That XPath, a language for querying XML & HTML, exists, and [some basics](https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_intro.asp).
* Basics of how [xml2 works](https://blog.r-hub.io/2020/01/22/mutable-api/#exposing-the-c-api-in-xml2): how to find, replace, remove nodes etc.
* How to use R6 classes... although reading the examples should help you get the gist.

> * [XSLT](https://ropensci.org/blog/2017/01/10/xslt-release/) but only if you are not happy with our [default stylesheet](#general-principles-and-solution).

Reviewer: I think we should state the caveat first, or else we will lose people who thing the ALSO need to know XSLT. 

```suggestion
* If you are not happy with [our default stylesheet](#general-principles-and-solution), then understanding [XSLT](https://ropensci.org/blog/2017/01/10/xslt-release/) will help you create your own.
```
